Update 103-javascript-type-casting (#1570)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/103-javascript-type-casting/readme.md

> # Javascript type casting
> 
> JavaScript variables can be converted to a new variable and another data type:
> - By the use of a JavaScript function
> - Automatically by JavaScript itself
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_type_conversion.asp'>JavaScript Type Conversion</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Type Casting

Type conversion (or typecasting) means the transfer of data from one data type to another. Implicit conversion happens when the compiler (for compiled languages) or runtime (for script languages like [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/JavaScript)) automatically converts data types. The source code can also explicitly require a conversion to take place.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/type-conversions'>Type Conversions</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_type_conversion.asp'>JavaScript Type Conversion</BadgeLink>
```
